feat(new) Add query observability feature to docs (#362)
vectara/vectara-docs: www/docs/console-ui/configure_queries.md

   option uses Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) to provide concise summaries in 
   response to your queries. This can be particularly useful when you need an 
   overview of the relevant information within your data.
3. **Chat**: Engage in conversational interactions 
   with your data. This can be particularly useful when you need to ask 
   follow-up questions, clarify information, or explore your data in a more 
   interactive manner.
   :::tip
   Chat leverages the same underlying search and summarization capabilities as 
   the other options, but presents the results in a conversational format, making 
   it easier to maintain context and engage in multi-turn interactions.
   :::

## Customize the Query Experience

These search options provide different configuration settings to tailor the 
query experience to your specific needs:

### Save query to history

When experimenting with configurations and running queries against a corpus, 
Vectara lets you log your queries into a query history. This is important for 
troubleshooting issues, inspecting past queries, and optimizing configurations. 
By surfacing data like query latency, search results, reranking, and 

> generative response times, users can better understand how our system performs 
> relative to their business goals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generative response times, users can better understand how to fine-tune Vectara to meet their business goals.
```

non-blocking

### View the history of query

> 1. Experiment with different query configurations by asking questions of 
>    your data with **Send query**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ask questions of your data with **Send query**.
```

Non-blocking.

This reads a bit odd to me. I think the intent here is to say: "First, submit a query", but it sort of jumps ahead with "experiment with different queries".

My mind is interpreting this as out of order. I think if we lead with "first, submit a query" and then maybe add a separate step of "use this information to optimize your configuration and submit a new query" this could help
